Location: Section "Your projects" (#workspace-overview), the summary line above the project list
Evidence: "This workspace holds 4 projects, synced this morning." is followed by a list of only three items: "Beta Launch Plan", "Holiday Campaign Assets", "Partner Integration Pilot".
Problem: The stated project count does not match the number of projects actually listed, and there is no link or control to see the missing fourth project.
Fix: Either list all 4 projects or add a "View all projects" link so the user can find the project the summary claims exists.

Location: Section "Your projects" (#workspace-overview), the <ul> inside #workspace-overview-recent
Evidence: The three project names ("Beta Launch Plan", "Holiday Campaign Assets", "Partner Integration Pilot") are plain list text with no link or button.
Problem: None of the listed projects can be clicked, so a user cannot open a specific project from the overview; the only entry point is a single generic "Open project settings" link that does not say which project it opens.
Fix: Make each project name a link or button that opens that specific project, and remove or relabel the single ambiguous "Open project settings" link.

Location: "Open project settings" link (#workspace-overview-projects-link) leading to the Project settings section (#project-settings)
Evidence: The overview lists "Beta Launch Plan", "Holiday Campaign Assets", and "Partner Integration Pilot", but the project settings page it opens shows the name "Vendor Onboarding" in the project name field.
Problem: The project opened by "Open project settings" does not match any project name shown on the overview, so the user has no way to know which project they are editing.
Fix: Either add "Vendor Onboarding" to the overview list or point the link at a project the user actually selected, so the settings page name matches what the user saw.

Location: Project settings section (#project-settings), the empty button next to the Save button
Evidence: <button id="project-settings-duplicate-btn" type="button" aria-label="Duplicate project"></button> has no visible text or icon, only an aria-label.
Problem: A sighted user has no way to tell what this button does, or even that it is a meaningful control, since it renders with no visible label.
Fix: Add visible text or an icon, such as "Duplicate", so the button's purpose is visible and not only exposed through the aria-label.

Location: Archive confirmation section (#archive-confirm), the "Archive" link
Evidence: "Archiving \"Vendor Onboarding\" will remove it from the active projects list for everyone on the team." is followed by a single-click "Archive" link with no further confirmation step.
Problem: A destructive action described as affecting the whole team is committed with one click on a plain link, styled the same as any other navigation link, which makes it easy to trigger by accident.
Fix: Render "Archive" as a clearly styled destructive button and require an extra confirmation step, such as retyping the project name, before the archive is applied.

Location: Import status section (#import-status), the error message
Evidence: "Import failed. Error code IMP-500. Contact support if this continues." gives no way to act on that instruction.
Problem: The message tells the user to contact support but provides no link, address, or button to do so, and offers no way to retry the import from this screen.
Fix: Add a "Retry import" action and a working "Contact support" link next to the error message.

Location: "View last import result" link (#workspace-overview-import-link) on the overview
Evidence: The link text gives no hint of the outcome, but clicking it leads straight to "Import failed. Error code IMP-500."
Problem: The overview gives no indication that the last import failed until the user clicks through, so a failed import can go unnoticed.
Fix: Show the import status directly on the overview, for example a "Last import failed" note next to the link, instead of only revealing it after navigation.

Location: Notifications section (#notification-settings), the "Digest frequency" select
Evidence: The select offers only two options: "Daily" and "Weekly".
Problem: A user who wants no digest emails has no option to choose, since only "Daily" and "Weekly" are listed.
Fix: Add a "None" or "Off" option to the digest frequency select.

Location: Project settings and Invite a team member forms (#project-settings-name-input, #invite-member-email-input)
Evidence: <input id="project-settings-name-input" type="text" value="Vendor Onboarding"> and <input id="invite-member-email-input" type="email"> neither carries a required attribute.
Problem: Nothing stops a user from clearing the project name or leaving the email field blank and still submitting, since neither input is marked required.
Fix: Mark both inputs required, and validate the email format before allowing submission.
