Location: workspace-overview section, "Your projects" summary text and list
Evidence: "This workspace holds 4 projects, synced last week." is followed by a list containing only three items: Holiday Campaign Assets, Support Backlog Triage, Mobile App Revamp.
Problem: The stated project count of 4 does not match the 3 projects actually listed, which reads as a data error and would make a user think a project is missing.
Fix: Either add the fourth project to the list or change the summary text to say 3 projects.

Location: project-settings section, Save button and form; notification-settings section, Save button and form
Evidence: project-settings-save-btn and notification-settings-save-btn are both type="submit" inside a form that has no action attribute.
Problem: Neither Save button has a defined destination or success state, so clicking Save gives the user no feedback about whether their change was saved.
Fix: Give each form an action or submit handler and show a visible confirmation, such as a message or a navigation to a confirmation section, after saving.

Location: project-settings section, duplicate button
Evidence: <button id="project-settings-duplicate-btn" type="button" aria-label="Duplicate project"></button>
Problem: The button has no visible text or icon, only an aria-label, so a sighted user has no way to tell what the button does or even notice it as more than an empty box.
Fix: Add a visible label or icon, for example the word "Duplicate" or a copy icon, while keeping the aria-label for assistive technology.

Location: invite-member section, Save button and Continue link
Evidence: invite-member-save-btn is a form submit button with no defined action, while a separate link, invite-member-continue-link ("Continue", href="#invite-sent"), is what actually advances to the next screen and is not tied to the email field at all.
Problem: Two controls appear to complete the same invite action, but only the unrelated Continue link works, and it can be clicked without the email address being filled in or validated.
Fix: Make a single control both validate the email field and advance to the confirmation screen, and remove or repurpose the redundant Save button.

Location: invite-sent section
Evidence: "An invite was sent to the address entered above."
Problem: Because the Continue link can be reached without an email address ever being entered, this message can claim an invite was sent to an address that does not exist.
Fix: Require the email field to be filled in and valid before this screen can be reached, and display the actual address that was entered.

Location: archive-confirm section and project-archived section
Evidence: "You can restore it at any time from the archived projects list." and "It no longer appears in the active projects list for anyone on the team."
Problem: Both messages promise or reference an archived projects list, but the document contains no such view or link to one anywhere, so the restore path described does not exist.
Fix: Add an archived projects section with a restore action, or remove the claim about restoring from a list.
