Location: Workspace overview section, promo referral box
Evidence: <div id="workspace-overview-promo-referral">Invite 3 teammates this month to unlock the advanced reporting add-on.</div>
Problem: The promo message is displayed as plain text in a div with no interactive element, making it unclear if users can take action or dismiss it.
Fix: Add a clickable button or link element within or adjacent to the promo box to allow users to initiate the invite flow.

Location: Project settings section, duplicate button
Evidence: <button id="project-settings-duplicate-btn" type="button"></button>
Problem: The button has no visible text or label, leaving users unable to understand its purpose.
Fix: Add descriptive text to the button, such as "Duplicate project" or an aria-label attribute for accessibility.

Location: Workspace overview section, project list
Evidence: "This workspace holds 3 projects, synced last week." followed by a list containing only "Data Warehouse Cutover" and "Mobile App Revamp"
Problem: The text states there are 3 projects but only 2 are displayed in the recent projects list, creating confusion about the third project.
Fix: Either show all 3 projects or update the text to accurately reflect the number shown, e.g., "This workspace holds 3 projects; here are your 2 most recent."

Location: Workspace overview section, last sync time
Evidence: "synced last week"
Problem: The timestamp is vague and does not provide the exact date or time of the last sync, making it difficult for users to know how current the data is.
Fix: Replace "last week" with a specific date and time, e.g., "synced on July 28 at 2:30 PM" or show a relative time like "synced 2 hours ago".

Location: Invite sent section, expiration message
Evidence: "An invite was sent to the address entered above. It expires in 5 days if not accepted."
Problem: The message informs users of the expiration but offers no way to resend the invite or check its status if the recipient does not respond.
Fix: Add a "Resend invite" button or link below the message to allow users to send a new invitation if needed.

Location: Import status section, skip report
Evidence: "The last import finished with 2 rows skipped: each referenced a project that does not exist in this workspace. Rows 15 and 99 were skipped; every other row was imported."
Problem: The message specifies which rows were skipped but does not state the total number of rows processed, making it hard to assess the scale of the import.
Fix: Add the total row count to the message, e.g., "The last import processed 150 rows; 2 were skipped (rows 15 and 99)."
