Location: Workspace overview section, "Your projects" heading, the recent projects list under id="workspace-overview-recent"
Evidence: "This workspace holds 3 projects, synced last week." is followed by a list containing only "Data Warehouse Cutover" and "Mobile App Revamp"
Problem: The stated project count is 3 but only 2 projects appear anywhere in the document, so a user counting what they see cannot reconcile the number with the list.
Fix: List all 3 projects, or relabel the list as "Recent projects" and add a link to a full project list that accounts for the third one.

Location: Workspace overview section, promo banner with id="workspace-overview-promo-referral"
Evidence: "Invite 3 teammates this month to unlock the advanced reporting add-on."
Problem: This call to action is plain text with no link or button, so a user who wants to act on it has no way to do so from this screen.
Fix: Make the banner a link or button that goes directly to the invite flow (id="invite-member"), or remove it if it is not meant to be actionable here.

Location: Project settings section, the project name form
Evidence: The form wrapping the name input and the Save button has no action or method attribute
Problem: Submitting this form has no defined destination, so clicking Save will attempt to reload the current page instead of confirming the save within this document's anchor based flow.
Fix: Give the form an explicit action or intercept the submit and show a confirmation state, consistent with how the rest of the document handles transitions.

Location: Project settings section, the button with id="project-settings-duplicate-btn"
Evidence: "<button id=\"project-settings-duplicate-btn\" type=\"button\"></button>"
Problem: The button has no visible text and no aria-label, so neither a sighted user nor a screen reader user can tell what pressing it will do.
Fix: Add visible label text such as "Duplicate project" (or an aria-label if an icon-only design is intentional).

Location: Invite a team member section
Evidence: The form's submit button is labeled "Save" and a separate link, id="invite-member-continue-link", labeled "Continue," both appear to lead toward completing the invite
Problem: It is not clear whether "Save" or "Continue" is the action that actually sends the invite, or whether both are required, so a user can leave the screen unsure if the invite was sent.
Fix: Reduce this to one clearly labeled action such as "Send invite," or explain in the interface what each control does if they are genuinely separate steps.

Location: Invite sent section, id="invite-sent"
Evidence: The section contains only a heading and the paragraph "An invite was sent to the address entered above. It expires in 5 days if not accepted." with no link or button anywhere in it
Problem: This screen is a dead end. Every other section in the document provides at least one way to navigate onward, but this one gives the user no way back to their project or workspace.
Fix: Add a link back to project settings or the workspace overview, matching the pattern used elsewhere in the document.

Location: Archive confirmation section, paragraph with id="archive-confirm-copy"
Evidence: "You can restore it at any time from the archived projects list."
Problem: No "archived projects list" page or link exists anywhere in this document, so this promise cannot actually be fulfilled by the user.
Fix: Either build an archived projects view and link to it from the workspace overview, or remove the restore claim from this copy.

Location: Document head
Evidence: The head contains only a charset meta tag and the title "Project workspace mockup," no viewport meta tag
Problem: Without a viewport meta tag, this page will not scale correctly on mobile browser widths, which undermines usability on any device narrower than a desktop.
Fix: Add a viewport meta tag, for example <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">, to the head.

Location: Notification settings section, the digest frequency field with id="notification-settings-digest-input"
Evidence: "<select id=\"notification-settings-digest-input\"><option>Daily</option><option>Weekly</option></select>" has no name attribute
Problem: Even if this form were wired up to submit, the selected digest frequency would never actually be sent because the field has no name attribute, so a user's choice could not be saved.
Fix: Add a name attribute, for example name="digest-frequency", to the select element.
